and the recording on welcome everyone to
this week's IPL the Deaf sync meeting
it's December 16 2009 teen and as every
week we go through the stuff that we've
done last week and then any other topics
that we might have so I was the first
one so I start with myself this week I
actually did some iPod e stuff just two
hours ago
so as for other people we also need to
have some rest iPod II stuff I finally
did a new version of the C or take C bar
stuff so you can encode and decode C or
and it's actually based on survey
although in the past meetings I've said
we won't use early but there is a new PR
on C were like the Beverly that I want
to use by someone from the FS community
and Buddhists the ipfs becomes Munich
and he worked on again it's a Hecky way
on working around the certain
communications but at least it's working
and it's been open for like a long time
and it's been discussed with the
maintainer of the c bo staff so it's
very likely to be merged soon so there
Phi a rebase basically my stuff on surly
fox and everything just to use this
version and the code almost looks the
same and it's pretty simple you can
check it out on the link and yeah it's
pretty straightforward and this should
at least get people started who want to
use I bother you with seem or at least
say get them started and they can use
something and don't have to basically
think about how they actually would do
it yeah and probably what I also do this
week is getting the Marty has the rest
Marty has updated
to the most current version from other
folks oh and also some thing that I
wasn't rid of there is a rust ipfs user
account on github or like a group like
an organization which yeah but
especially mostly only folks without any
new contents but just I was interested
to see that someone asked me questions
about this ago I've never heard about
that one and so it seemed to be more
people interested in having a last I
profess yes other than that I just did
five hard work yeah I think that's all I
have
next one on the list is Eric
I am pumped about the rough stuff I just
opened it now to Lucknow Mike yeah so I
think I probably got over a conceptual
roadblock and found a new key point in
the design for go IPL d-prime but in
retrospect should've seen a while ago
but whatever I think we're gonna end up
with a new interface that I'm
sensitively calling nodes style and it's
staying near being a no builder Factory
just don't tell anyone it's turned out
there then something that's been in the
design for quite a while now has been on
the node interface there's a method
called node builder and it gives you a
no builder that can produce something of
the same interior memory layout strategy
and if applicable any constraints
through the types or schema layers as
the know that you ask for the Builder
from and this is something that's been
necessary to build like in place
functional update tools like if we
wanted to have a variant of JQ and the
future that was based on its libraries
in typically transforms then being able
to get something being able to build a
new instance of a thing that uses the
same strategy as what if that thing used
is important and it hasn't been it's
also not a gimme because we've got
things that can add constraints like the
type system which we may or may not be
you wanna write coach near we've got
things like the advanced data warehouse
which may or may not be involved with
all great things like this so this is
why that has been there the new thing
that I want to introduce is this concept
called nodes style we're now the node
interface will have a style method which
returns deep note style and from this
you can get a node builder in the same
way as before what's good about this new
interaction is going to be we can also
put a bunch of other things on the node
style concrete type so it's easier to
add fancy things and put them there by
feature detection and other interfaces
so like if I want to build a
some piece of code that lets you do this
kind of like construct with immense
style using copy-on-write yada yada I'll
do that by putting additional features
on the node style and using interfaces
to feature detection at that point
instead of adding it to every node
built-in contracting universe witches
would have me right now this turned out
to be kind of a Giri so yeah I think
this is gonna fix some problems but this
is a flashing pen idea from a couple
hours ago
so we'll see there's a bunch more text
from the forum if you want to follow up
on that but that's my big thing for it
coming next me to refactor cycle
unfortunately it's probably going to be
a big breaking change but one of those
it's become clear for a while now that
one of those was needed and this is also
going to address the clarity about when
something is doing new allocations in a
node tree build cycle versus when it's
not I hope so I think this is part of
the answer to that big messy bombs mom
cool and also I forgot to say every that
it would be cool if you could have a
quick look over the class code just
basically my favorite thing is that I
kind of would like if I kind of like the
names like kind of consistent so
basically if we name a thing like link
or CID or PI or PI it's or those things
kind of that I mean this it doesn't
really matter but like busy does many of
the language but if it's consistent it's
very meta just to those things totally
[Music]
don't have any sync I peel this specific
aside from the from the threat that I'm
kicking back and forth about
verification of seeking but we have two
little over quorum
today to talk about this I like so yeah
nothing this time
am I just so on some you are about the
do things if is we 1.5 m time thing so I
was just interested in like that there
was a discussion about how protocol
buffers like how that protocol buffer
libraries we use serialize something so
much simpler than that basically if we
add a an extra field how do we say this
field is zero or this field has not been
supplied and because javascript has
things a little bit differently we took
a detour that actually ended up nowhere
so in in in the goal protobuf stuff you
basically get a reference back so you
can just check is it a new or not where
is in javascript actually have to call a
has underscore the name of the field
they stone leeway to tell otherwise it's
so zeros whether it's apply it or not
and from there basically there was sort
of back and forth how do we do that but
at the end it basically all of these PRS
got close to the out any action so okay
cool yeah because it was because I
because I want to change the protocol
buffers library we use in JavaScript at
one point and but this should also be
safe
yeah so as long as it has the it
generates the has methods to basically I
can tell you that is there or not yeah
you only don't either think outstanding
that probably Wednesday shall start
pushing for it once things quiet down a
little bit to have em time be repeated
instead of an optional so that if you
supply it once it's the time supplied
twice is the time and in the fractional
part because right now there is
basically no high precision am time and
space much every but once that but
nobody kind of pushed forward to do that
I mean I wanted alex one said
stimulants like yeah sure whatever and
cool is there anything else where is my
pet so did anyone put any other items
nope yeah well just that the types of so
I will be off to general return and I
will so I probably actually be actually
off so it's not like after working but
so don't expect any any meetings for me
to show up or play in females
hmmm yeah I'll be half working until the
shift cool
I think I'll also be mostly off except
anyone in the group or our huge audience
online who's going to be at CCC say
hello but seriously of all the countless
people who watched online find us in
shout outs at CCC
if you do it we will not be found in the
cryptocurrency corner though it's going
to be somewhere else
cool then I guess it's probably the last
meeting of the year I guess because I
don't expect anyone next week to show up
so how many time and that do we be
afterwards probably also not I guess so
well then yeah then yeah have a good
time in VCS in the new year and meeting
without me feel free alright cool then
John